[DOCS] Adds language identification documentation to the ML DFA docs (#816)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ml-lang-ident.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[ml-lang-ident]]

> === {lang-ident-cap}

Reviewer: IMO this doesn't really feel like a description of a concept, since it gets into implementation details and examples quite quickly.  My inclination would be to have maybe a paragraph of introduction to this concept of language identification at the end of the inference page (http://stack-docs_816.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/machine-learning/master/ml-inference.html) and then have all the details (ideally covering the whole pipeline setup, for example) in this section: http://stack-docs_816.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/machine-learning/master/dfanalytics-examples.html

Author: @lcawl 
The aim is to open a "Trained models" section when we'll have more than one trained models. For this reason, I wouldn't split the content between the Inference conceptual docs and the Examples because it would make harder to merge them together when we'll have the next trained model.
I'll add a short paragraph to the inference conceptual docs about lang identification with a link that points to this piece, so there will be continuity between the two texts.

experimental[]

> {lang-ident-cap} `model_id`: `lang_ident_model_1`

Reviewer: > Language identification model_id: lang_ident_model_1

There is no context for this, so it seems like a strange first line.

> {lang-ident-cap} is an {infer} trained model that you can use to determine in 

Reviewer: If the model ID is required, perhaps it can be moved here?:
```suggestion
{lang-ident-cap} is an {infer} trained model (`lang_ident_model_1`) that you can use to determine the language of text.
```

which language a certain text is written. You can reference the {lang-ident} 

> model in an {ref}//inference-processor.html[{infer} processor] of an ingest 

Author: ```suggestion
model in an {ref}/inference-processor.html[{infer} processor] of an ingest 
```

> pipeline by using its `model_id`. The input filed name is `text` by default. If 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pipeline by using its `model_id`. The input field name is `text`. If 
```

> its `model_id`. The input field name is `text`. If you want to run {lang-ident} 

Reviewer: Alternatively, maybe the info from the first line can be moved here:
```suggestion
its model ID (`lang_ident_model_1`). The input field name is `text`. If you want to run {lang-ident} 
```

> on an field with a different name, then you have to map your field name to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a field with a different name, you must map your field name to 
```

> map your field name to `text` in the ingest processor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
map your field name to `text` in the ingest processor settings.
```

> The longer the text passed into the {lang-ident} model, the more accurate the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The longer the text passed into the {lang-ident} model, the more accurately the 
```

> model will be identifying the language. It is fairly accurate on shorter samples 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model can identify the language. It is fairly accurate on short samples 
```

> model will be to identify the language. It is fairly accurate on shorter samples 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
model will be identifying the language. It is fairly accurate on shorter samples 
```

> (for example, 50 character-long streams) at certain languages, but languages 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(for example, 50 character-long streams) in certain languages, but languages 
```

> that are very similar to each other are hard to identify based on a very short 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that are similar to each other are harder to identify based on a short 
```

character stream.

{lang-ident-cap} takes into account Unicode boundaries when the feature set is 

> built. If the text has diacritical marks then the model uses that information 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
built. If the text has diacritical marks, then the model uses that information 
```

| fa      | Persian            | lv      | Latvian        | th      | Thai
| fi      | Finnish            | mg      | Malagasy       | tr      | Turkish
| fil     | Filipino           | mi      | Maori          | uk      | Ukrainian
| fr      | French             | mk      | Macedonian     | ur      | Urdu
| fy      | Western Frisian    | ml      | Malayalam      | uz      | Uzbek
| ga      | Irish              | mn      | Mongolian      | vi      | Vietnamese
| gd      | Gaelic             | mr      | Marathi        | xh      | Xhosa
| gl      | Galician           | ms      | Malay          | yi      | Yiddish
| gu      | Gujarati           | mt      | Maltese        | yo      | Yoruba
| ha      | Hausa              | my      | Burmese        | zh      | Chinese
| haw     | Hawaiian           | ne      | Nepali         | zh-Latn | Chinese
| hi      | Hindi              | nl      | Dutch, Flemish | zu      | Zulu
| hi-Latn | Hindi              | no      | Norwegian      |         |   
| hmn     | Hmong              | ny      | Chichewa       |         |   
|===

[[ml-lang-ident-example]]
==== Example of {lang-ident}

> In the following example, we feed the {lang-ident} trained model with a short 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, we feed the {lang-ident} trained model a short 
```

> Hungarian text that contains diacritics and a couple of English words. Yet, the 

Reviewer: IMO you don't need the "yet" here:
```suggestion
Hungarian text that contains diacritics and a couple of English words. The 
```

model identifies the text correctly as Hungarian with high probability.

[source,js]
----------------------------------
POST _ingest/pipeline/_simulate
{
   "pipeline":{
      "processors":[
         {
            "inference":{
               "model_id":"lang_ident_model_1", <1>
               "inference_config":{
                  "classification":{
                     "num_top_classes":5 <2>
                  }
               },
               "field_mappings":{

               }
            }
         }
      ]
   },
   "docs":[
      {
         "_source":{ <3>
            "text":"Sziasztok! Ez egy rövid magyar szöveg. Nézzük, vajon sikerül-e azonosítania a language identification funkciónak? Annak ellenére is sikerülni fog, hogy a szöveg két angol szót is tartalmaz."
         }
      }
   ]
}
----------------------------------
//NOTCONSOLE

<1> The ID of the {lang-ident} trained model.

> <2> It defines the number of categories for which the predicted probabilities 

Reviewer: I think you can shorten this, for example:
```suggestion
<2> Indicates that only the top five languages (that is to say, the ones with the highest probability) are returned.
```

                  "class_score" : 0.9999936063740517
                },
                {
                  "class_name" : "lv",
                  "class_probability" : 2.5020248433413966E-6,
                  "class_score" : 2.5020248433413966E-6
                },
                {
                  "class_name" : "is",
                  "class_probability" : 1.0150420723037688E-6,
                  "class_score" : 1.0150420723037688E-6
                },
                {
                  "class_name" : "ga",
                  "class_probability" : 6.67935962773335E-7,
                  "class_score" : 6.67935962773335E-7
                },
                {
                  "class_name" : "tr",
                  "class_probability" : 5.591166324774555E-7,
                  "class_score" : 5.591166324774555E-7
                }
              ],
              "predicted_value" : "hu", <2>
              "model_id" : "lang_ident_model_1"
            }
          }
        },
        "_ingest" : {
          "timestamp" : "2020-01-22T14:25:14.644912Z"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
----------------------------------
//NOTCONSOLE

> <1> An array of values specifying the probability of the prediction for the most 

Reviewer: You might be able to shorten this, for example:
```suggestion
<1> Contains probability scores for the top (most probable) inferred languages.
```
Since you already covered num_top_classes earlier, I don't think it's necessary to repeat it.
